---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-01T01:30:32.030Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-01T01:30:11.841Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-01-af6b874c-af0f-4bb1-9f32-4be41180b676.md
published: true
url: af6b874c-af0f-4bb1-9f32-4be41180b676/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Let's assume you didn't get here by accident. Welcome!**  
**What can I do for you?**

If you need a seasoned graphic designer, a design strategist, or an unscripted speaker, you've come to the right spot. Kick back and look around. If you don't see what you need, just click on the "contact" button up there on top, and let me know what you do need. I'll try and help you out. 

**Who am I? **

Not only a graphic designer, I'm also a design strategist (think high-level problem-solving for the good of the project as well as the bottom line) and a good-juju-spreader in the Kansas City area. I've spent more than 25 years designing in all forms and working for all types of clients, from a multi-million-dollar investment firm, to one-person startups, to independent publishers, and international recording artists. I've been run through the agency grinder, working on national brands such as Travelhost, Pepsi and Frito Lay (through TLP/DDB Needham), and the Wishbone book series. I get energized (and fling good juju) by volunteering for local groups close to my heart---from the [Kansas City Irish Fest][0], to the [Kansas City chapter of the AAF][1]. I also practice vodkamancy on special occasions.

I'm also the author of a book, _Get Out of Your Rut!_, a companion piece to one of my talks, which you can purchase lots of copies of [here on Lulu][2].

Thanks for stopping by!

---Cami

_p.s. Most people want to know if Cami is short for something. Nope, my name is just Cami. Backwards, my name is iMac, which is what I work on. Coincidence?!_

[0]: http://kcirishfest.com/
[1]: https://aafkc.com/
[2]: http://www.lulu.com/product/paperback/get-out-of-your-rut/15539558?productTrackingContext=search_results/search_shelf/center/2